

                             Program COPYT

copyt [options]

This program copies a file system object from one place to another.  If
the file system object is a directory, then the whole directory tree is
copied.  Symbolic links are followed to resolve the final source object
to copy.  Symbolic links are not followed to resolve the destination
object.

If the destination object previously exists, and both it and the source
object are a directory, then the contents of the source directory are
added to the destination directory.  Files appearing in both trees are
overwritten in the destination directory.  Files only appearing in the
destination directory are left unmodified.

The command line options are:

  <source object name>

       When a command line option is encountered that does not start
       with a dash (-) it is assumed to be the source object name, if
       the source object name has not already been set.  This form of
       specifying the source object name is for convenience, and does
       not work when the name starts with a dash.  The -FROM command
       line option works in all cases.  There is no default source
       object name.  It is an error if no source object name is
       supplied.

  <destination object name>

       When a command line option is encountered that does not start
       with a dash (-) it is assumed to be the destination object name,
       if the source object name has already been set.  This form of
       specifying the destination object name is for convenience, and
       does not work when the name starts with a dash.  The -TO command
       line option works in all cases.  The default destination object
       name is the leafname (no directory path) of the source object.

  -FROM <source object name>

       Explicitly set the source object name.  There is no default
       source object name.  It is an error if no source object name is
       supplied.

  -TO <destination object name>

       Explicitly set the destination object name.  The default
       destination object name is the leafname (no directory path) of
       the source object.

  -NSHOW

       Don't show progress to standard output.  By default, the name of
       each file is shown as it is copied.

  -NREPL

       Prohibit replacing an existing object.  By default, an existing
       destination object is overwritten.
