                              Program COPYA
                             20 February 2014

copya [options]

Copy a text file to another file and/or to standard output.  The
destination file is created if not already existing, and overwritten if
previously existing.

Command line options are:

  <input file name>

    The first command line options that does not start with a dash (-)
    will be taken as the input file name if no input file name was
    previously set.  An input file name is mandatory.

  <output file name>

    The first command line argument that does not start with a dash after
    the input file name is specified, but no output file name has yet been
    specified, will be taken as the output file name. The default output
    file name is the leafname of the input file.

  -IN <input file name>

    Explicitly set the input file name.  This is the only way to indicate
    an input file name that starts with a dash (-).

  -S <string>

    Use the string in place of data from a source file.  The string must
    be enclosed in quotes ("") or apostrophies ('') if it contains blanks.
    This command line option is mutually exclusive with -IN.

  -OUT <output file name>

    Explicitly set the output file name.  This is the only way to indicate
    an output file name that starts with a dash (-).

  -APPEND

    Indicate that the copied text is to be appended to the end of the
    output file instead of used to overwrite it, when an output file is
    used.

  -1BLANK

    A single blank line will be written whenever one or more blank lines
    would have otherwise been written to the output file.  The default is
    to write all lines regardless of whether they are blank or not.

  -NOBLANK

    Only non-blank lines are written to the output.  The default is to
    write all lines regardless of whether they are blank or not.

  -SHOW

    Everything written to the output file will also be copied to standard
    output.  The default is to not copy data to standard output.

  -NSHOW

    Disable -SHOW.  This is the default.

  -WRITE

    Write data to the output file.  This is the default.

  -NWRITE

    Don't write data to the output file.  The default is -WRITE.

  -LIST

    This has the same effect as -SHOW and -NWRITE, and is supplied for
    convenience.  The default is -NSHOW and -WRITE.

  -FROM n

    Set the number of the first source line to copy.  The first line in a
    file is number 1.  The default is 1.

  -TO n

    Set the number of the last source line to copy.  The default is copy
    to the end of the file.

  -TABS T1 T2 . . . Tn

    Set tabs stops and enable tab interpretation.  All tab characters in
    the input file will be converted to one or more space characters in
    the output file.  The values T1 thru Tn are the tab columns in
    ascending order.

    The first valid tab column is 2.  Each tab is always converted to at
    least one space, so an input line starting with a tab would result in
    the first printable character at column two or greater.

    The interval between the last two tab columns is repeated to the end
    of the line.  If only one tab column is given, then the interval width
    is that column number minus 1.

    Tabbing is only performed in the first 256 output line columns. Tabs
    occurring in output line column 257 or greater are converted to single
    spaces.  This is equivalent to having permanent tab stops at all
    columns beyond 256.

    For example, -TABS 9 would result in tab stops 9, 17, 25, 33, ... 241,
    249.  -TABS 5 10 30 31 would result in tab stops at 5, 10, 30, 31, 32,
    33, ... 254, 255, 256.

    The default is to copy tab characters directly to the output file
    without any interpretation.

  -REPL patt1 patt2

    Replace occurrences of the pattern PATT1 in the input with the pattern
    PATT2 in the output.  The match of PATT1 to the input stream is
    case-insensitive, but the conversion follows the input pattern case to
    some extent where the input string and PATT2 are lower case.  If all
    of the input pattern is upper case, then the output pattern will be
    upper case.  If the first input pattern character is upper case but
    the rest lower, the output pattern will be written the same way.

    Any number of -REPL command line options are permissible.  They are
    applied in the order they appear on the command line.  All
    substitution for one pattern are performed, then the result is applied
    to the next pattern.  This means the output of early patterns become
    the input strings to later patterns.

    EXAMPLE: If PATT1 is "qqq" and PATT2 is "abc", then the following
    substitutions will be made from the input stream to the output stream:

    Qqq is here.  -->  Abc is here.
    We have 27 qqq in stock.  -->  We have 27 abc in stock.
    QQQ User Manual  -->  ABC User Manual

  -REPLNC patt1 patt2

    Like -REPL except that no case conversions are performed.  The
    existing text must match PATT1 exactly (case sensitive), and it is
    replaced by PATT2 exactly (no case changes) on a match.
