                        Embed build debug switches
                               21 May 2019

In the Embed build system, control of production mode or debugging is done
by the user setting the DEBUG environment variable.  This variable
contains a list of case-insensitive keywords, separated by spaces.  Each
keyword enables a specific debugging option.  A production build is
indicated by the DEBUG environment variable not existing, being set to the
empty string, or containing the single debug option FALSE.

In general, the specific debug options supported by a particular build
procedure are up to that build procedure.  However, a limited set of debug
options are handled specially or are used in a standard way.

Debug options that are handled specially:

  FALSE

    Disables all debugging.  FALSE is not really a debug option, and can
    not be combined with debug options.  When FALSE is used, it must be
    the only contents of the DEBUG environment variable.

    Explicitly specifying the FALSE debug option is the same as having the
    DEBUG environment variable contain the empty string, or the DEBUG
    environment variable not existing.

  TRUE

    Enable general source level debugging.  This means, to the extent
    reasonable and possible, that the resulting code can be debugged at
    the source level in whatever IDE is associated with the build tools.
    For Microchip PIC firmware, for example, this means that the code can
    be single stepped in MPLAB using a in-circuit debugger like the
    RealIce, ICD3, etc.  For PC code built with the Microsoft tools, it
    means that the code can be single stepped in Visual Studio.

    Any specific and known debug options that are implied by TRUE are
    automatically created and enabled.  Currently, TRUE also implies:

      ICD VS

    Inidividual build procedures may enable other options in response to
    TRUE being enabled.

    This option may not be relevant for some types of objects, like
    documentation files.  The build procedures for such objects simply
    ignore this option.

Debug options used in a standard way:

  ICD

    Builds firmware so that it can be debugged using a in-circuit
    debugger.  The firmware need not be debuggable with other means, like
    a simulator.

  SIM

    Builds firmware so that it can be debugged with a simulator.  The
    firmware need not be debuggable with other means, like a in-circuit
    debugger.

  VS

    For any code built with Microsoft Visual Studio tools, this builds the
    code so that it can be debugged at the source level in Visual Studio.

All debug options listed in the DEBUG environment variable are enabled.
Some build procedures may supply a list of debug options they support.
When this is done, those options are always created, but are disabled
unless they are also listed in the DEBUG environment variable.

Debug options are made available to the build process, and to the code
being built to the extent possible.  For each debug option, a constant or
variable is created named DEBUG_xxx, where xxx is the name of the debug
option.  These are boolean constants or variables to the extent possible.
Their values are TRUE when the option is enabled, and FALSE when not.

In addition to the DEBUG_xxx constants for each known debug options, the
constant (or variable if necessary) DEBUGANY is also created.  This is
TRUE if any debug option is enabled.  It is FALSE when no debug options
are enabled (production release).
