

                               Program L

l [options]

List the contents of a directory or a tree.  The command line options
are:

  -DIR name
  name

       Specifies the directory or tree to list the contents of.  If a
       command line option does not start with a dash (-), then it is
       assumed to be the directory name.  The default directory is the
       current directory.

  -TREE

       lists the contents of the whole file system tree starting at the
       indicated directory.  The default is to list only the indicated
       directory.

  -RNAM

       Shows the relative pathnames of listed objects with respect to
       the top listed directory.  By default, only the leafname of each
       object is listed.  Note that this option has no effect without
       -TREE, since the relative pathnames in the top directory are the
       leafnames.

  -TNAM

       Shows the full treenames of listed objects.  By default, only
       the leafnames are shown.  No distinction is made in the listing
       between files, directories, and links.

  -R

       List in raw mode.  Only objects are listed, each on a separate
       line.  No blank lines, headings, or other formatting is output.
       This mode can be useful for further processing within shell
       scripts or other programs.

  -NF
  -ND
  -NL

       Do not list files (-NF), directories (-ND), or symbolic links
       (-NL).  All are listed by default.

  -LF
  -LD
  -LL

       List files (-LF), directories (-LD), and symbolic links (-LL).
       All three are enbled by default.

  -LO flags

       List only the indicated object types.  FLAGS is a string
       containing individual letters to indicate all the object types
       to list.  The possible letters in FLAGS are:

         D  -  Directories.

         L  -  Symbolic links.

         F  -  Ordinary files and any object types not listed above.

         A  -  All of the above object types.

       All object types are listed by default.  The letters in FLAGS
       may be upper or lower case.

The command line arguments are processed in order.  Note that some
command line arguments are order-dependent.  For example

  -LO F -LL

will cause files and symbolic links to be listed, whereas

  -LL -LO F

will cause only files to be listed.
