                            Program MENU_ENTRY
                             14 November 2008

menu_entry [options]

Create or delete a system menu entry.  The meaning of "system menu entry"
is specific to each particular operating system.  Generally operating
systems have menu structures from which the user can run programs by
selecting menu entries.  This program is intended to add or delete entries
in such menus in the most normal way for the particular operating system
in use.

The command line options are:

  -PROG filename
  filename

       Specifies the program to be run when the menu entry is activated.
       The second form of this command line option (without the -PROG
       keyword) is for convenience and is only allowed if the program name
       has not already been specified on the command line and the program
       name does not start with a dash (-).

       FILENAME must be the name of the actual program file with any file
       name suffix it might have, not its generic name.  Embed Inc file
       name translation rules will be applied to FILENAME, and the final
       result stored in the menu entry.  The indicated program must exist.

       There is no default.  A program file name is required unless the
       -DEL command line option is used.

  -IFEX

       Only try to create the menu entry if the target program exists.  If
       it does not exist, MENU_ENTRY exits normally without creating the
       menu entry.  The default is for MENU_ENTRY to bomb with error
       status on attempt to create a menu entry without the target program
       existing.

  -ARGS "arg ... arg"

       Sets the command line arguments for the menu entry target program.
       The parameters to -ARGS is a single token, so must be enclosed in
       quotes or apostrophies if more than one command line parameter is
       supplied or the arguments otherwise contain blanks or special
       characters.

  -CMD command-line

       Specifies the full command line to invoke the target program.  The
       first token of COMMAND-LINE will be interpreted as the executable,
       and the remaining tokens as the command line parameters.  If the
       executable name does not contain any dot (.), then the ".exe"
       suffix is automatically added.  Otherwise the full executable file
       name must be specified.  COMMAND-LINE is a single token containing
       the executable name and all parameters.  Tokens within COMMAND-LINE
       must be separated by one or more spaces.

  -NAME name

       Sets the menu entry name as it will be displayed when the menu is
       viewed by the user.  The default is the generic leafname of the
       program.  For example, if the program filename is
       "/mystuff/progs/beep.exe", then the default menu entry name will be
       "beep".  A menu entry name is always required, so either the
       program name (-PROG command line option) or the menu entry name
       must be explicitly specified.

  -MENU id

       Specifies the root menu to add or delete the menu entry in.  Some
       operating systems may have more than one menu that are in different
       locations or activated differently.  ID must be one of the
       following:

       PROGS

         The normal menu for programs, available to all users.

       PROGSU

         The normal menu for programs, available to only the current user.

       DESK

         The "desktop", available to all users.

       DESKU

         The "desktop", available to only the current user.

       The exact implementation and interpretation of the above choices is
       system dependent.  The default is PROGS.

  -SUB path

       Sets the path of the menu entry within the root menu as specified
       by -MENU.  Menus often have submenues, and PATH indicates the
       submenu location of the menu entry.  The empty string indicates the
       root of the selected menu.  Results are undefined if PATH is
       non-blank and the selected menu is inherently flat (there are no
       submenus).

       All necessary submenus are created before the menu entry is
       created.

  -WDIR directory

       Sets the directory the program is to run in when the menu entry is
       activated.  This information is associated with the menu entry to
       the extent that is possible on the particular operating system.
       Embed Inc file name translation rules will be applied to DIRECTORY,
       and the resulting absolute pathname associated with the menu entry.

  -DESC string

       Sets the menu entry description string if it is possible to
       associate description strings with system menu entries.  The
       description string must be a single command line parameter, which
       generally means it must be enclosed in quotes ("") or ('') on most
       command shells if it contains any spaces or special characters.

  -ICON filename

       Sets the icon to display for the menu entry.  Note that when and if
       the system will display this icon is highly system-dependent.  Menu
       entry icons may not be supported at all on some systems.  Embed Inc
       file name translation rules will be applied to FILENAME, and the
       resulting absolute pathname associated with the menu entry.

       FILENAME must be the complete file name of a image file.  The
       allowed image file format can vary between operating systems.  On
       Windows systems, the icon must be a .bmp file.

  -DEL

       Delete the menu entry if it exists.  The default is to create or
       overwrite the specified menu entry.  No error is generated if -DEL
       is specified and the menu entry does not exist.

  -SHOW

       Show the information that will be used to create the menu entry
       immediately before creating it.
