                               Program MORT
                               13 June 2006

mort <input file name>

Prints out info about a mortgage, given payment and interest history.  The
input file name must end in .MORT, although this may be omitted on the
command line.

The input file contains a set of commands.  Commands start with a keyword
and may have parameters following them.  All keywords are case
insensitive.  The command names and parameters must be separated from each
other by one or more spaces.  Character string parameters must be enclosed
in either quotes (""), or apostrophies ('') if they contain spaces or the
"/*" comment delimeter.  A command cannot span more than one line.

All blank lines are ignored.  End of line comments start with "/*".  In
other words, "/*" and all characters following on the same line are
ignored.

Valid input file commands are:

  BORROW d

    Indicate the number of dollars borrowed.  This sets the initial size
    of the loan on the date specified by the DATE command if no PAY
    commands have been given yet.  After the first PAY command, this
    indicates any additional amount borrowed and will apply at the time of
    the previous payment.

  INT r

    Indicate the current effective annual interest rate in percent.  At
    least one INT command must precede the first PAY command.

  DATE yyyy mm dd

    Declares the date of the loan.  This is only used for reporting the
    date of each transaction.  The year should be the full 4 digits, the
    month should be 1-12, and DD is the 1-31 day of the month.  The first
    payment is assumed to be due one month after this date.  This command
    must precede any PAY and BORROW commands.

  PAY d [RUN n] [PAY_INT p]

    Indicate the current monthly payment size in dollars.

    The optional RUN subcommand sets the number of consective months to
    automatically apply this size payment to.  The default for N is 1,
    meaning the payment applies to a single month.

    The optional PAY_INT subcommand explicitly sets the amount of the
    payment to be applied to the accumulated interest as apposed to the
    principle.  By default, as much as possible of the payment is applied
    to any outstanding interest instead of principle.  It is an error to
    set this amount greater than the total outstanding interest, or
    greater than the amount of the payment.

The program will write a monthly accounting of the loan to standard
output.
