                           Program PLOTFILT
                           12 November 2019

plotfilt [options]

Show the response of a N pole digital filter.  The following
computation is performed for each pole each iteration:

  FILT <-- FILT + FF(NEW - FILT)

where NEW is the new value to update the filter with, FF is the filter
fraction, and FILT is the filter to update.  When multiple poles are
specified, FILT of one pole becomes NEW for the next pole.  FILT of
the last pole is the overall output value for that iteration.

By default, the program writes a CSV file with the filter response,
then runs CSVPLOT to show the filter response graphically.

The command line options are:

  -P sec

    Set the filter update period.  SEC is the period in seconds.

    The default is for the X axis to be the number of filter
    iterations.  When this command line parameter is used, the X axis
    is shown as time instead.

  -F hz

    Set the filter update rate.  HZ is the update frequency in Hz.

    The default is for the X axis to be the number of filter
    iterations.  When this command line parameter is used, the X axis
    is shown as time instead.

  -CSV filename

    Explicitly set the name of the CSV file to create.  The default is
    a file in the TEMP directory.

  -NP

    Do not plot the CSV file contents.  The CSV file is written, then the
    program exits.  CSVPLOT is not run.

  -N n

    Run the filter for N iterations.  The default is to run until the
    unit step response reaches a particular value.

  -TO end

    Run the filter until the unit step response reaches END or more.
    The default for END is 0.999.

  -SEED seed

    Use the specific seed for generating the random values to be
    filtered.  SEED is a 32 bit integer.

    The default is to use a seed derived from the system clock.  This
    makes the random data different each run of this program.  Use
    -SEED to force the same data between runs for some reason.

  <bits>

    Adds one more pole to the filter, and sets the FF value for the
    new pole.  BITS is the number of bits to shift right to accomplish
    the multiply by FF.  Specifically:

            -BITS
      FF = 2

    For example, when BITS is 4, then FF = 1 / 16.

    There can be any number of BITS command line options.  BITS is not
    restricted to being integer.
