                            Program TEST_SIO
                           11 September 2018

test_sio [options]

Program for testing low level serial line (RS-232 line) protocol.  The
program displays each received byte on a single line in hexadecimal,
decimal, and printable representation when appropriate.

The command line options are:

  -SIO n

    Indicate the number of the system serial port (COM port on PC systems)
    to use to communicate with the remote unit.

    There are a series of defaults.  The first one of these that is found
    is used:

      1: Value of the environment variable TEST_SIO, if present and
         interpretable as a integer value.

      2: Value of the environment variable SIO_DEFAULT, if present and
         interpretable as a integer value.

      3: 1 (COM1 on PC systems).

  -USB [name]

    Send and receive bytes via a Embed USB device.  Endpoints 1 in and out
    are used for receiving and sending, respectively.  Options for
    configurations unique to serial ports (like -BAUD, for example) are
    accepted but ignored.

    NAME is the Embed USB device name as presented by the device to the
    driver.  Names of connected devices can be found by running the
    TEST_EMBUSB command.  If NAME is omitted, then the first Embed device
    10 USB device found is used.  See the EMBED10 documentation file for
    details on Embed device 10 USB devices.

    Note that NAME is optional without causing ambiguity.  Embed USB
    device names should never start with a dash (-).  If the token
    following "-USB" starts with a dash, then it is intepreted as the name
    of the next command line option.  If not, it is taken as the specific
    Embed USB device to connect to.

    If the TEST_SIO environment variable exists and contains the string
    "USB <name>" or "USB", then that is the default when neither the -SIO
    or -USB command line options are given.

    If TEST_SIO does not exist or is not set to either "USB", or "USB"
    followed by a space and a name string, then the default is to use a
    serial port.  See the -SIO command line options for details.

  -BAUD baudrate

    Sets the serial line baud rate.  Valid values for BAUDRATE are 300,
    1200, 2400, 4800, 9600, 19200, 38400, 57600, 115200, and 153600.  The
    default is 115200.

  -XF

    Use XON/XOFF flow control.

  -HWF

    Use RTS/CTS hardware flow control.

  -PARO

    Add a ninth odd parity bit to each data byte. Parity will be generated
    on outgoing bytes, but may not be checked on incoming bytes.

  -PARE

    Add a ninth even parity bit to each data byte. Parity will be
    generated on outgoing bytes, but may not be checked on incoming bytes.

Once the program starts up, commands can be entered at the colon (": ")
prompt.  The commands "HELP" and "?" will cause a brief list of commands
and their descriptions to be written to standard output.
