                            Program TEST_USB
                              8 April 2016

test_usb [options]

Program for testing the byte-level communication to a Embed USB device.
This is similar to program TEST_SIO, which tests byte-level communication
over a serial line.

The program displays each received byte on a single line in hexadecimal,
decimal, and printable character representation when appropriate.  It
allows sending bytes as ASCII characters or a string, in decimal, or in
hexadecimal.

The command line options are:

  -VID n

    Set the USB vendor ID (VID) of the device to connect to.  The default
    is 5282, which is the Voti vendor ID used by most Embed devices.

  -PID n

    Set the USB physical device ID (PID) of the device to connect to.  The
    default is 1489, which is the PID for Embed device 10.

  -E n

    Set the USB VID and PID combination for a particular Embed device.
    Valid values are 1-20.  Embed devices were allocated in two blocks of
    PIDs within the Voti VID.  N of 1-10 correspond to the first block,
    which has PIDs from 1480 to 1489.  N of 11-20 correspond to the second
    block, which has PIDs from 2610 to 2619.

    For example, "-E 1" is the same as "-VID 5282 -PID 1480" and "-E 12"
    is the same as "-VID 5282 -PID 2611".

  -N name

    Specifies the internal name of the Embed USB device to connect to. All
    these devices have a name string, which is communicated to the driver
    during device enumeration.  When this NAME is not the empty string,
    this program will only connect to a device with that name.  When NAME
    is empty, then device names are not used in deciding which device to
    connect to.  The default is the empty string.  When more than one
    device meets the criteria, the device to connect to is arbitrarily
    chosen.

    In all cases, the program only connects to a USB device with the
    specified VID and PID.

Once the program starts up, commands can be entered at the colon (": ")
prompt.  The commands "HELP" and "?" will cause a brief list of commands
and their descriptions to be written to standard output.
