

                       Program WAV_COPY [options]

This program copies one WAV file to another, allowing alterations in
the process.

The command line arguments are:

  -IN fnam
  fnam

       Specifies the input WAV file.  The ".wav" file name suffix may
       be omitted.  The second form of the command line option without
       the -IN keyword is allowed when the WAV file name does not start
       with a dash and the input file name has not already been
       specified.  There is no default input file name; an input file
       name is required on the command line.

  -OUT fnam
  fnam

       Specifies the output WAV file.  The ".wav" file name suffix may
       be omitted.  The second form of the command line option without
       the -OUT keyword is allowed when the WAV file name does not
       start with a dash, the input file name has already been
       specified, and the output file name has not already been
       specified.  The default output file name is the leafname of the
       input file.

  -FROM s

       Start the output sound S seconds from the start of the input
       sound.  This value is automatically limited to the input sound
       duration.  The default is 0.

  -TO s

       End the output sound S seconds from the start of the input
       sound.  This value is automatically limited to the input sound
       duration.  The default is to end the output sound at the end of
       the input sound.

  -BITS n

       Set the number of bits per channel per sample in the output
       file.  This is only a request, and the actual number of bits
       used may differ.  The default is for the requested value to be
       the number of bits used in the input file.

  -GAIN g

       Set the amplitude gain from input to output file.  The default
       is 1, meaning the input amplitude is preserved.

  -GAIN *

       Set the input to output amplitude gain so that the output signal
       is maximized without being clipped.  The default is unit gain.

  -SRATE hz

       Set the sample rate of the output WAV file to the indicated
       sample rate in Hertz.  The default is to use the same sample
       rate as the input file.

  -SPEED m

       Set the relative source stream playback rate.  Values above 1
       cause the source stream to be played back more quickly and
       values below 1 more slowly.  The default is 1, which causes the
       source stream to be played at its intended speed.

  -MONO

       Convert to monophonic.  All the input signal channels will be
       averaged to produce the single output channel.  The default is
       to preserve all the input channels.
